Update PPP (#293)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp: docs/team/ph-nathan.md

Given below is a summary of my contributions to the project. All my contributions can be found at this [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2324s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=ph-nathan&breakdown=true#/).

### Features Implemented
* **Designed a new UI for CCACommander** [#114](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/114)
  * **Feature details:** Changing the UI layout and color theme of application.
  * **Justifications:** The change in design is needed because CCACommander's core is in tracking both members and events,
    hence the two respective columns must be presented. With the new design, users are able to see both members and events simultaneously.

* **Edit Event Feature** [#160](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/160)
  * **Feature details:** Allows the user of CCACommander to edit an event in CCACommander's database.

>   * **Justifications:** Gives the user the ability to correct any mistakes in the details of the event, or add more information such as unfilled fields or tags.

Reviewer: such as unfilled fields sounds a bit weird.
```suggestion
  * **Justifications:** Gives the user the ability to correct any mistakes in the details of the event, or add more information for unfilled fields like tags.
```

  * **Justifications:** Gives the user the ability to quickly see the list of events of a member and their contribution in each event (hours and remark).

* **List Feature** [#181](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/181)
  * **Feature details:** Allows the user of CCACommander to view the full list of events and members.
  * **Justifications:** Gives the user the ability to quickly see an overview of every member and event, this is also the default view of the application.

Relevant tests were added for these commands.

### Enhancements to existing features:
* **Fix `editMember` and `editEvent` commands logic to also update enrolment:** [#182](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/182) [#192](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/192)
  * **Enhancement details:** The enrolments' details of a member (event) is updated, if affected by the edit member (event) command.
  * **Justification:** Enrolment links a member and an event based on their names. When the identity (name) of a member/event is edited via the edit commands, the existing name fields for enrolment wasn't updated.

>     This would cause inconvenient to users, having to re-track all the attendance linked to a member or event, hence I have updated the logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This would cause inconvenience to users, having to re-track all the attendance linked to a member or event, hence I have updated the logic
```

    to also modify the enrolment object when the name field is edited.

* **Enhance UI and add toggle light/dark theme feature for UI:** [#194](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/194)
  * **Enhancement details:** Users can toggle between light and dark mode.
  * **Justification:** To adapt to the needs of CCA heads, who may want to work on CCA tasks during both day and night. Dark mode can reduce blue light

>     that can interrupt sleep, it also saves energy because less power usage to display darker background.

Reviewer: Wow Nathan, I feel like I just went to the science museum after reading this

  * **Enhancement details:** The enrolments' details of a member (event) is updated, if affected by the edit member (event) command.
  * **Justification:** Enrolment links a member and an event based on their names. When the identity (name) of a member/event is edited via the edit commands, the existing name fields for enrolment wasn't updated.
    This would cause inconvenience to users, having to re-track all the attendance linked to a member or event, hence I have updated the logic
    to also modify the enrolment object when the name field is edited.

* **Enhance UI and add toggle light/dark theme feature for UI:** [#194](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/194)
  * **Enhancement details:** Users can toggle between light and dark mode.
  * **Justification:** To adapt to the needs of CCA heads, who may want to work on CCA tasks during both day and night. Dark mode can reduce blue light
    that can interrupt sleep, it also saves energy because less power usage to display darker background.

>   * **Credits:** Implementation is inspired by Tutor’s Pet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Credits:** Implementation is adapted by Tutor’s Pet
```
